In this lecture, we are going to configure Engine X to use our Let's Encrypt SSL certificate, there
are no new configuration files that we will be editing.
They ought to include files that we need to create.
We are going to create a global SSL file that we can apply to any site we create on our server, as
well as an include file that is site specific to create the include file.
We use NENO to generate the Diffie Helmund cipher.
We need to use the open SSL command.
I will get to that command shortly with Engine X..
It's important to organize your directives using include files.
The first include file we are going to create will contain the certificate details for a particular
site.
Each site that you create on your server will have and include file with a certificate.
Details pertaining to that particular site.
Apart from the certificate details, we need to create an additional include file.
That additional include file will contain global engine X directives.
Those directives in the global file can be included in any site.
Now your site specific include file.
There are three directives that you need to specify the SSL certificate, the SSL certificate key and
the SSL trusted certificate.
You would type it by firstly typing the directive and then the path to the file.
Each site on your server needs to have a site specific include file, where you specify the path to
the cert certificate key as well as the trusted certificate files.
With a global include far, there are a few directives that we need to add inside that particular file,
the SSL session cash and the session time out, almost all of the overhead with SSL is during the initial
connection.
So what those two directives do is cache the connection parameters for that particular session.
By caching the connection parameters, the subsequent requests are drastically improved.
The SSL Protocols Directive is where we specify which SSL protocols we would like to use on our server,
the SSL preferred server cyphers and the SSL cyphers.
That is where the encryption happens.
You also need to specify the preferred order of available cipher suites and then you need to list the
order of those suites.
The SSL d.H Perram that refers to the Diffie Halman cipher.
I'm not going to go into much detail about this particular directive except to say that by enabling
that directive, a man in the middle attack cannot hijack the initial SSL handshake, the SSL stapling,
SSL stabling, verify and resolve.
Those three directors referred to the online certificate status protocol.
When a browser is presented with a certificate, it contacts the issuer of that certificate to check
that it hasn't been revoked.
This unfortunately slows down the process.
So what stapling does is the Web server contacts the certificate authorities, ossy ISP server and it
gets assigned response and it then staple's it to the handshake when the connection is set up.
Finally, the strict transport security header.
When a client connects to your site and you've enabled the strict transport security header, any subsequent
visits to your site will be over.
H.
Tepes, the browser will not even attempt to connect to your site using HTTP.
It will be HTP is only.